TakeNext Privacy Policy

Last Updated: November 19, 2025

Your privacy is important to us at TakeNext Inc and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "TakeNext," "we," "us," or "our"), and we are committed to safeguarding, preserving, and respecting your privacy rights. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") describes how we collect, use, disclose, and secure the personal information we gather about you through our websites (including www.takenext.com) (the "Site") and when you use the software and services we provide via the Site (the "Services").

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information means data that classifies as personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, or similar terms under applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations.

1. You Consent to This Policy

You should read this Policy carefully so that you understand our privacy practices. We recommend printing and retaining a copy for your future reference. By accessing, browsing, downloading, or otherwise using the Services, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agreed with this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not provide us with your personal information.

We may provide you with additional privacy notices where we believe it is appropriate to do so. It is important that you read this Policy together with any other privacy notice or terms we may provide on specific occasions, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information we gather, use, or otherwise process on behalf of our clients (for example, dealerships or other businesses) when they use TakeNext to communicate with their own customers or leads. In those situations, we act as a service provider/data processor and handle personal information in accordance with our clients' instructions, their privacy policies, and applicable contractual arrangements. We protect and secure all such data, but our clients are responsible for how they choose to use it.

2. What Types of Information Do We Collect?

We collect information you voluntarily provide directly to us and information that we collect automatically when you interact with the Services. The categories of personal information that we collect and the purposes for which we collect that information are described below.

Categories of Personal Information We Collect

The following list describes the categories of personal information we collect.

Analytics Information. We collect certain analytics information automatically as you navigate our Services. This includes cookies, tracking pixels, tags, or similar tools, which may collect information about your browser, device, approximate geolocation, and interactions with the Services, Site, or emails. For more information, please see the "How Do We Use 'Cookies' and Other Tracking Technologies?" section below.

Contact Information includes name, postal code, address, email address, and phone number. We collect this information when you provide it directly to us, for example when creating an account, requesting a demo, or contacting us on behalf of yourself or your organization.

Payment Information includes name, address, phone number, debit or credit card information, or other payment information of you or your organization. We collect this information when you provide it directly to us or through our third-party payment processor as part of paying for the Services.

Social Media Information includes information that you post by sharing on a blog, social media, or another public platform that we operate or that you choose to interact with in connection with us. We only collect this information when you provide it directly to us. Please note that your comments may be visible to the public, so you should never share personal information that you would like to keep private.

In addition, depending on how you use the Services, we may also collect:

Account and usage information, such as username, role, login time, and actions taken within the platform (for example, configuration changes or use of specific features).

Support and communication information, such as the content of messages you send to our support or sales teams, as well as related metadata (date, time, channel).

Other Ways We May Collect, Use, or Share the Information

We may also collect, use, or share personal information for the following purposes:

For Legal Purposes. We reserve the right to cooperate with local, provincial, state, federal, and international officials in any investigation requiring either personal information or reports about lawful or unlawful user activity on the Site or Services. We also reserve the right to share your personal information to establish, exercise, or defend our legal and property rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention.

To Present the Site. We will use personal information to present our Site and its contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and your device.

To Provide the Services. We will use personal information to provide the Services, including to improve operations and for security purposes. This may include using your information to create aggregated and anonymized information that is then no longer capable of being used to identify you.

Service Providers. We may share personal information with service providers and partners to deliver the Services. We use contractual and other means to ensure your information will only be used according to our instructions for the purposes the information was collected, and that your information will be protected to the same degree as described in this Policy. We use service providers for sales, marketing, customer support, data storage, engineering, telephony, analytics, and other similar purposes.

Legal, National Security, Internal Protection. TakeNext may disclose personal information to comply with legal obligations, including responses to requests from public and governmental authorities or national security requirements, if we believe that disclosure is necessary for law enforcement or other issues of public importance, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of TakeNext, its users, or others.

Customer Service and Communications. We will use your personal information to provide you with customer service, troubleshoot issues, and respond to requests, questions, or comments. We also use information to provide software features including authentication and notifications, and important notices about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.

Business Transactions or Mergers. We reserve the right to share your personal information with third parties as part of any potential business or asset sale, merger, acquisition, investment, round of funding, or similar type of transaction. Additionally, if we are entering into a corporate transaction with a third party, we may receive personal information in connection with due diligence. If we close a transaction, the third party may receive personal information, which we would use as described in this Policy. We will protect and disclose personal information in accordance with applicable legal requirements and this Policy.

Bankruptcy or Insolvency. In the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or dissolution proceedings, we may share your personal information with third parties as part of the sale or reorganization process.

Your personal information is accessed only by our authorized employees who have a business need to access it, for example: our customer service team, billing department, and personnel responsible for providing products and services to our customers.

3. How Do We Use "Cookies" and Other Tracking Technologies?

We may send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We may also use other similar technologies such as tracking pixels, tags, or similar tools when you visit our Services. These technologies can collect data regarding your operating system, browser type, device type, screen resolution, IP address, and other technical information, as well as navigation events and session information as you interact with our Services. This information allows us to understand how you use the Services.

What Are Cookies?

Cookies are small files created by websites, including our Services, that reside on your computer's hard drive and that store information about your use of a particular website. When you access our Services, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;

Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Services according to your individual needs;

Contact you to provide you with information or services that you request from us;

Advertise new content, events, and services that relate to your interests;

Provide you with more personalized content that is most relevant to your interest areas; and

Recognize when you return to our Services.

We set some cookies ourselves and others are set by third parties. You can manage your cookie preferences as described in the "Managing Your Cookies" section below.

What Types of Cookies Do We Use and Why?

The following lists the different types of cookies that we and our service providers may use on the Services:

Essential: These cookies are required for the operation of the Services and enable you to move around the Services and use its features. Disabling these cookies can negatively impact the performance of the Services.

Functionality: These cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the Services. This enables us to personalize content for you and remember your preferences. These cookies also enable your interactions with the Services such as contacting us.

Analytics, Performance, and Research: These cookies, beacons, and pixels allow us to analyze activities on the Services. They can be used to improve the functioning of the Services. For example, these cookies recognize and count the number of visitors and see how they move around the Services. Analytics cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns to help us improve them and to optimize the content on the Services for those who engage with our advertising.

Advertising: These cookies and pixels may be used to deliver relevant ads, track ad campaign performance, or track email marketing for TakeNext.

How Long Do Cookies Stay on My Device?

Some cookies operate from the time you visit the Services until the end of that particular browsing session. These cookies, which are called "session cookies," expire and are automatically deleted when you close your internet browser.

Some cookies will stay on your device between browsing sessions and will not expire or automatically delete when you close your internet browser. These cookies are called "persistent cookies" and the length of time they will remain on your device will vary from cookie to cookie. Persistent cookies are used for a number of purposes, such as storing your preferences so that they are available for your next visit and to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit the Services, how your use of the Services may change over time, and the effectiveness of advertising efforts.

Managing Your Cookies

It may be possible to block cookies by changing your internet browser settings to refuse all or some cookies. If you choose to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of the Services.

You can find out more about cookies and how to manage them by visiting http://www.AboutCookies.org.

Does the Site Respond to "Do Not Track" Signals?

There is currently no industry agreed-upon response to a Do Not Track signal. At this time, our Site does not respond differently based on a user's Do Not Track signal.

4. Advertising and Marketing Choice

We respect your rights in how your personal information is used and shared. We will only send you commercial electronic messages when we have your consent or when otherwise permitted by law. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future marketing emails, you can email us at support@takenext.com or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email/message, and we will promptly remove you from marketing correspondence. Please note, however, that we may still need to contact you regarding other matters (such as service or billing notifications).

5. How Long Is Your Personal Information Kept

We will retain your personal information until the personal information is no longer necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was provided. We may retain your personal information for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent that we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to protect you, other people, and us from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized access, as necessary to protect our legal rights, or for certain business requirements.

We will delete your personal information when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or upon your request, subject to exceptions as discussed in this Policy or under applicable law, contract, or regulation.

6. Our Commitment to Data Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. We take various reasonable organizational, administrative, and technical measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. These measures may include use of encryption and data access restrictions.

However, we cannot and do not guarantee complete security, as electronic communications are inherently vulnerable.

7. International Transfers

We are a business based in the United States. Your personal information will be retained and/or transferred to the United States. While located outside of Canada/Quebec or other jurisdictions, your information will be subject to the laws of the local jurisdiction, which may be less protective of your information than the laws in your home jurisdiction.

We also use service providers located outside of Canada and other regions, including the United States and other jurisdictions. If you have any questions about our use of service providers, please contact us (information detailed below).

8. Third Party Links

The Services may contain links to third-party websites. When we provide links, we do so only as a convenience and we are not responsible for any content of any third-party website or any links contained within. It is important to note that this Policy only applies to TakeNext's Site and Services. We are not responsible and assume no responsibility for any personal information collected, stored, or used by any third party as a result of you visiting third-party websites. We also advise that you carefully read the privacy notice of any third-party websites you choose to visit.

9. Children's Privacy

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. Our Services are not intended for children under 14 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 14 without verification of parental consent, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 14, please contact us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section below.

10. Your Rights to Access and Correction

You have the right to request access to and correction of your personal information. We will respond to your request within the time frame required by applicable law (for example, within 30 days where required). Please note that you may only request deletion of your personal information when it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected.

You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. If you withdraw your consent, some Services may no longer be available to you.

11. Policy Changes

This Policy may change from time to time. If we need to change this Policy at some point in the future, we will post any changes on this page. If we make a significant or material change to this Policy, we will notify you via email or through the Services where appropriate. You should check these terms when you use the Site. Your continued use of the Site or Services constitutes acceptance of the most current version of this Policy.

12. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at support@takenext.com or via regular mail:

Attention: TakeNext Inc
5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100
Austin, TX 78731
United States

You may also contact legal@takenext.com if your question relates to legal or compliance matters.

13. Canada

You may challenge our compliance with this Policy by contacting us at support@takenext.com.

If you are located in Canada and are unsatisfied with our internal review of your complaint about our privacy practices, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada toll-free at 1-800-282-1376, or the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Alberta, the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of British Columbia, or the Commission d'accès à l'information (Quebec) if you are located in those provinces.

Your California Privacy Rights

California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. TakeNext does not share personally identifiable information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you provide us with consent to do so.
